Image Description: Docker Hub Automation and Webhook Workflow with GitHub
GitHub Repository:
curl -X POST http://54.170.164.0:5001/webhook -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d '{}'

Source code and Dockerfile reside here.

Developer pushes code changes to a branch (e.g., main).

Webhook from GitHub to Docker Hub:

GitHub notifies Docker Hub of code changes via webhook.

Docker Hub Automated Build:

Docker Hub receives the webhook event from GitHub.

Automatically triggers an image build using the Dockerfile from the specified GitHub repo branch.

Runs any configured tests during the build process.

On success, pushes built Docker image to the Docker Hub repository.

Docker Hub Webhook to External Service:

After the image push, Docker Hub sends a webhook POST request to a configured external service URL (like a deployment pipeline or monitoring system).

The payload includes metadata about the image push event.

External Service/CI/CD Pipeline:

Receives webhook call from Docker Hub.

Triggers deployment, notifications, or other automated workflows based on the updated Docker image.


Ansible Assignment-5
Role on the assigned tool with following features: - Should be able to install version specific - Should be OS independent - Configuration should be variablelized - Try using jinja template - It should include Templates for the configuration files with all the dynamic value that needs to be updated. - It should include handlers ,but not along with the task. - User should have the options to execute the role on centos or ubuntu or together on both.

54.247.182.133

Code Tab
Allows you to write, edit, and upload the function code directly.

Includes an integrated code editor supporting languages like Node.js, Python, etc.

You can upload deployment packages or container images.

This tab is where you author the Lambda function logic.​

Test Tab
Enables you to create and run test events to invoke the Lambda function.

You can define sample event JSON inputs that simulate real-world triggers.

Shows execution results including response and logs to verify the function output.

Useful for quick iterative development and debugging.​

Monitor Tab
Provides performance and operational metrics for the Lambda function.

Shows data like invocation count, duration, error rates, and throttles.

Visualizes these through CloudWatch dashboards and graphs.

Helps track function health and detect issues in production.​​

Configuration Tab
Manage function settings such as memory allocation, timeout, environment variables.

Configure triggers, layers, VPC settings, concurrency limits, and dead-letter queues.

Also includes role permissions and resource tags.

Central for tuning and securing the Lambda function.​​

Alias Tab
Allows creation of named aliases pointing to specific Lambda function versions.

Useful for managing staged deployments like development, testing, and production.

You can shift traffic gradually between versions using aliases for safe rollout.

Simplifies version control and integration with other AWS services.​

Version Tab
Shows all published immutable versions of the Lambda function.

Each version corresponds to a snapshot of the function code and configuration.

Versions enable rollback to previous function states and alias assignment.

Supports safe deployment and tracking of code changes
----------------
Example: Using a data source to fetch details about an existing VPC, its subnets, or its security groups. This enables you to launch new resources directly into the correct environment without manual lookup or hardcoding values.​

Example: Your operations team manually set up an S3 bucket or Azure resource. You can use a data source block (e.g., aws_s3_bucket or azurerm_virtual_network) to pull IDs or properties from that resource and reference them in your Terraform-managed deployment.

Use the "terraform_remote_state" data source to reference outputs from another Terraform project, letting you link configurations across projects and scale out complex cloud environments

------------

Dynamic and Real-Time Data
Data sources enable Terraform to fetch values from live infrastructure or external sources each time you run a plan, ensuring that configurations always use up-to-date details like the latest AMI images, subnet IDs, or secre


Improved Automation
By integrating data sources, Terraform automates the use of dynamic data without requiring manual updates to configuration files. This reduces manual effort, speeds up deployments, and makes infrastructure provisioning less error-prone.

Consistency and Accuracy
Data sources ensure your infrastructure code is always working with accurate, consistent information, whether values come from another project, an API, or existing resources in your cloud environment. This minimizes errors that would occur if stale or hardcoded data were used

Security
Terraform data sources can securely retrieve sensitive information from dedicated secrets managers, preventing exposure of secrets in your configuration code and helping adhere to best security practices.​

Integration
Data sources make it easy to integrate Terraform with external systems, APIs, or even remote Terraform state files, allowing for modular architecture and enabling projects to reference shared or previously created resources dynamically.

------------

sonarqube versions - 
25.1.0.102122 (Jan 2025) 
Sonar Community

24.12.0.100206 (Dec 2024) 
endoflife.date
+1

9.9.8.100196 (Dec 2024)
